I will go cargo to the base and fire
car you drive with me
yes of course the syllable itself I also need food
at the base to fill with water to clean
the stairs need to be prevented
the cars drove off and the fire truck
you don't know what kind of sign no i don't know
you can jump safely
but in the 1st behind the fields, so we went and
what is something not letting me and
help yourself words to fat but the car that
what happened tomorrow that I will sharpen
see what to do what do i don't
I know what do they call the police to me
no phone will call and
i.e. the police called the police
huntsman what did this happen why me
disturbed
I did not understand it what is fire
car what happened field
jesus you see can't drive any longer
I urgently need a base
why are n't you ashamed of the fire department
car you are such an important car and not
you know the elementary
you don't know health signs
movements don't really know i know everything but here
this one here I have not before
saw so look and learn is a sign
height limit you see you do not
Rio passes the stairs
also do the field so it doesn't work
tattoo
let's take it back let's do it and now
fire truck lower the ladder lower
let go and now try to drive through three
cheers field turned out thank you passed
you say yes it is a shame not to know the rules
traffic and signs are the most
the main thing is to learn next week
all the signs I see the examples and test
not well the fire truck got yes
dump truck here I got it but now I
never forget this one here is a sign